docs: add more explanation to server middleware section (#2133)
nuxt/nuxtjs.org: content/en/docs/5.configuration-glossary/28.configuration-servermiddleware.md

Nuxt internally creates a [connect](https://github.com/senchalabs/connect) instance that you can add your own custom middleware to. This allows us to register additional routes (typically `/api` routes) **without need for an external server**.

> This allows you to create a client api - server api pattern using nuxt alone. This means that you can use your client-side (e.g., a component) to call the api routes in your server-side middleware, i.e., your server middleware.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This allows you to create a client API/server API pattern using Nuxt alone. This means that from the browser (for example, within a Vue component) you can make a request to a route in your server middleware.
```

## serverMiddleware vs middleware!

> Don't confuse it with [routes middleware](/docs/directory-structure/middleware) which are called before each route by Vue in Client Side or SSR. 
> Middleware listed in the `serverMiddleware` property runs server-side **before** `vue-server-renderer` and can be used for server specific tasks like handling API requests or serving assets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Don't confuse it with [routes middleware](/docs/directory-structure/middleware) which are called before each route by Vue on the client and server.  Middleware listed in the `serverMiddleware` property runs on the server **before** `vue-server-renderer` and can be used for server-specific tasks like handling API requests or serving assets.
```

```

::alert{type="warning"}

> If you don't want middleware to register for all routes, use Object form with specific path. If you don't do this, the nuxt default handler won't work!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't want middleware to register for all routes, use the Object form with a specific path. If you don't do this, the nuxt default handler won't work!
```

Author: 👍
